# Creating a New Rust Project

## `cargo new`

First come up with a name for your project.

Next, go to the directory (folder) that you want to contain your project.

Say my project's name is `bingo_bob`, I would create my project by executing the following command in the terminal:

```sh
cargo new bingo_bob --lib
```

## Breakdown of this command

1. `cargo` - The project management tool used for Rust.
2. `new` - Tells Cargo to create a new project.
3. `bingo_bob` - The name of my project. **Replace this with your own project name.**
4. `--lib` - We want to make a library, not an executable. I.e. we want to make a *tool*, not an *app*.

## The files in our project

Here's a file tree representing our project structure:

```tree
bingo_bob
├── Cargo.toml
└── src
    └── lib.rs
```

### `Cargo.toml`

The main project management file, showing things like project name, version, Rust edition, and dependencies (libraries you want to use).

### `src`

"src" is short for "source," and it is the folder in our project where we'll put *all* of our code.

### `lib.rs`

The root of our project's source code; i.e. the main file that will declare all of the modules in our project.

### `Cargo.lock` and `target`

These two files won't be generated by `cargo new`, but they will appear whenever your project is compiled (whenever you save a file or click "run"). They are supposed to be there and are only meant to be used by the compiler, so **hands off!**

## `tests`

You can't run libraries directly. You need to have tests that create situations wherein your library would be used. These tests will go into the `tests` directory.
